doc improvement: Update samples and apps with Thingy:91 X (#15879)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/slm_testing.rst

TWI AT commands
***************

> Complete the following steps to test the functionality provided by the i2c sensors on the Thingy:91 and Thingy:91 X using the two-wire interface (TWI):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete the following steps to test the functionality provided by the i2c sensors on the Thingy:91 or Thingy:91 X using the two-wire interface (TWI):
```

1. Test the TWI list command using ``AT#XTWILS``.

>    As the devices connect to the sensors through i2c2, it shows that TWI2 is available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   As the device connects to the sensors through i2c2, it shows that TWI2 is available:
```
